what is servicenow?
a cloud-based tool used to automate ITSM, ITOM, and CSM processes, it is considered a aPaaS; 
considered as a PaaS or as a SaaS; it is has many low-code tools; customizable; 

ITSM - IT service management; practices used to control flow of services; we usually use ITIL as a 
framework to implement ITSM; 

how do servicenow updates work? every 6 months; naming convention based on cities and contries and each release 
goes down the alphabet 

configuration vs customization = configurations=low-code tools; customization=adding new functionalities with code

development platforms - servicenow studio, app engine studio, servicenow IDE, creator studio 
	low-code, citezen-developer-focused tools= app engine studio, creator studio 
	fully featured dev tools = servicenow studio, servicenow IDE 
	
what are the two most common ways that an end-user will use servicenow? 
	next experience ui - UI tool to interact with servicenow instances; the new version of the UI, replaces UI16;
						 used to interact with application menus/modules; an interface that provides access to the 
						 filter navigator; 
	workspace - a single location for end users with a specific job role to perform their job; 
				example: service operations workspace - contains lists, forms, and more that aid in customer service/incident management 
				
how do I provide access to servicenow features to a user?
by assigning roles 

can roles contain other roles? 
yes

what is the best practice for assigning roles?
add individuals to groups, then apply the roles to the groups 

how can I configure list UI?
we use List Layout to determine which fields appear on a list, and their order, and also create/manage our list views 

what is a list view?
can have more than one, and they control which fields display in the view; 

how can I customize forms?
	form builder - modern option for building forms, allows drag-and-drop; access to UI policies where we can conditionally render other fields
	form designer - is a drag-and-drop form editor, much like form layout, but it is newer than form layout. It's still older than form builder. 
	form layout - traditional way of building forms; no drag-and-drop; old way
	
what are filters?
how do users personalize their lists?
what are tags?
what are form templates?
how are choices managed in choice lists? 
what can be a dependent field of a choice list? 

